In ancient times, we had no computers.
It was very difficult to perform different tasks.
In banks, manual money calculations and auditing
would take long time.
Finding details of a person's account in the files was time consuming.
In schools, it was very tiring for the teachers
to prepare report cards and test papers.
Architects would take time in building their designs,
drafting their designs for projects.
Today we have new technologies of computers
through which we can work faster than before.
Now it has become one time effort for the teachers
to prepare test papers for the students in a very short time.
In banks, details of customer's accounts are maintained on the computer
which helps them to get information very quickly.
Now architects also use computers for mapping and designing
which helps them to work faster.
Similarly, there are many advantages of computer.
Computers are used at different places
where they can perform various activities to make our life easier.
Now I will tell you about the places where computers are used.
In schools, computer trainings are provided to the students.
which included Microsoft Excel, paint, typing speed and many other topics.
Students learn through power point presentation.
In library, computers are used to search
the meaning of different vocabularies on google.
In railways, computers are used for booking tickets.
It is also used to display the scheduled
arrival and departure timings of the trains.
The controlling and monitoring process of the trains
arrival and departure are done with the help of computers.
The information of the trains are displayed on the screens.
In hospitals also computers and technology related to computers
is used vastly to maintain data of patients.
Utilize computerized equipments to observe a patient's health condition.
With the help of computers doctors get information of heart related issue of the patient.
It also used to find out mental illness of the patient.
This way computers are used for various purposes in hospitals.
In offices, computers are used while conducting a meeting
for recording datas and to maintain official records.
In banks, computers are used to keep details of customer's bank account.
It is also used for the verification of customer's passbook.
It gives quick information to the customers about their bank deposits.
In ATMs, computers are used for quick money withdrawals.
At home, children use computers in their leisure time
for exploring information from the internet,
watching movies, playing games and for various other purposes.
In films too computers play a major role.
Many action based movies or animated movies require
high level of editing and graphics to enhance the quality of the movie.
This is done through computers.
Computers are used in gathering information regarding weather forecast.
It helps in controlling satellites and doing space research work.
Connections with satellite is possible with the help of computers.
Police can catch the violators of the traffic rules and criminals
with the help of computers and CCTV cameras.
I have shared with you the various uses of computers.
I hope you all children are interested in learning this.
This will help you to grow in future.
Thank you!